Start! Initialisation sensor DS18B20 and LCD 2004 display.
Pump turn on - the built-in LED on the board should light up /-/
LCD 2004 display start print...
LCD in funktion lcdPrint_set_temperat() print --Set Temperature of heatting press OK--
Wait 5 min wenn OK press
Ok pressed, select heating temperature.
LCD print notification default heating temperature 40C
Define. Heating temperature: 
LCD print standart view
LCD print temperature, druck value on standat view
.
LCD print user settings
LCD print simbol / see how it
Scrol pointers buttons action time is 200 ms.
Settings selected. Scroll pointers position is 
LCD print select tens settings
LCD print simbol plus on active tens
LCD print 2 site first row for eighth ten
Scrol pointers buttons action time is 100 ms.
Scroll_pointer value:  
Scroll_pointer value: 
/*Polling of three buttons completed. Perhaps arduino not support divide operation.*/ Selected ten is  
LCD print confirmation on/of selected ten
LCD print intervals notification on/of selected ten
Control of tens is not automatic in moment.
Programm turn of ten 
Programm turn on ten 
User selected chancel.
User selected automatic control.
Select heating temperature.
Memore free is 
LCD write error:
LCD write error was clear
LCD print scroll_pointer and simbols to button
LCD print first row temperature value from 95 to 75. Debug - How print LCD uint8_t type?
Confirmation that button OK release. Scrol pointers buttons action time is 200 ms.
Scroll_pointer value:
Scroll_pointer value:
Heating temperature is
Confirmation that button release.
Attention! Bitwise operations with referens. Need testing. Actuel binary byte (from left to right) of active tens is  
Do tens!
Wait and after do tens.
Yet not time do tens.
previewMillis is
Turn on one ten.
The current temperature has exceeded.
DeltaWait
Turn of one ten.
The current temperature has dropped.
DeltaHeat 
Druck(average)  
pin is 
value is 
Unstable power! is (Volt) 
There is no signal from the pump!
Critical pressure!
Critical temperature!
Druck(bar)
Temperature(C) 
Power(kWatt)
Count is 